golden Guardians okay well it's week
eight of the LCS with coverage presented
by Omni slash and I have a very
different type of interview today
because I'm not interviewing a single
pro player I'm interviewing a whole club
of League of Legends fans and they are
all from UC Berkeley and visiting here
this weekend so I've got three of them
that I'm gonna be talking to right now
so you guys want to introduce yourselves
we'll start with you all right hi my
name is Shari I'm president of the UC
Berkeley League of Legends Club my name
is Chloe and I'm in charge of the
historian aspect of the club
well I by the way I noticed that you
said like I'm vice president right now
like you're concerned that there's gonna
be like an impeachment process soon goes
badly Sherri threatened that if it goes
well it might be really good for my okay
very good next president potential okay
very good okay so what brings all of you
guys to the LCS this weekend so actually
riot was really generous and offered to
show us the studio so we got to do a
studio tour yesterday and then today we
got free tickets to NLCS so we're out
here watching our favorite teams looking
at you know the games how'd you guys all
get down here did you carpool or like
bus or what take the bus together we
took like the bull bus and a couple of
us flew down yeah alright and what what
have you thought of an ALCS so far I
think it's really cool obviously most of
us have seen an ALCS just like on Twitch
before but it's really cool seeing it in
person seeing in the studio we saw the
studio empty yesterday with riot but now
it's fill people lots of personalities
that we love obviously the pro players
themselves and you know seeing in person
is just really cool yeah and with with
na LCS and you know I noticed that one
thing is a lot of you guys are wearing
golden Guardian shirts and you guys are
kind of interacting with them before so
what's the story there so golden
Guardians reached out to us and we
organized like a meet and greet before
the games and so our students got to
talk to a talk to them in a more like
intimate aspect and got to ask some
questions about how to get better at the
game and what were the answers a lot of
it is just like practice
and shotcalling better like I asked hi
had a shot call like really well and he
was just like you know you just have to
yell and make mistakes and get better so
that's that's really cool and what was
what's been your favorite moment so far
of the trip and with the studio and
everything I think today like walking
into the studio and like a big citement
in the room has been like phenomenal
phenomenon and it was just like a lot of
fun seeing the studio full and like
everyone there really hype like people
all love the same thing like we all love
League of Legends and a lot there's
probably a lot of college students that
are watching this interview right now or
even high school students that are about
to go off into college maybe you can
talk a little bit about the experience
of being a part of collegiate eSports
league of Legends Club I think it's just
really cool to meet a lot of people that
are interested in the same thing like
there's a lot of people in our club that
I don't just play lands just go to play
a Rams for like five hours every night
and there's other people that are really
hardcore we've got a challenger Flex
player behind us somewhere I just think
it's it's really nice to connect with
people that play the games for different
reasons some people play like a hobby
some people are looking to pursue
eSports careers and just being able to
connect with all these different people
that I went to met otherwise is a nice
break from you know studying and coding
and all that you do coding yeah
unfortunately stuff I'm sorry to hear
that
alright uh and it's golden does this
mean golden Guardians are your favorite
team I see so many in a cloud9 hoodie
and shirts so I think that we also like
some of us just like specific players of
each team so I don't think that we can
say that our entire club is just like a
fan club for one specific team well
really quickly here well we'll do this
as an experiment
how many TSM fans are in the group right
now okay cloud9 okay a little bit more
there I think
CLG Wow well can you raise your hand
every single team you know they're all
great there's a couple players of my
huge fans oh but you know no names being
named but I believe I believe in CLG
because the underdogs always pull
through you know let's pick like a
random couple random team optic okay
don't take golden Guardians
oh okay all right you just have to give
a couple t-shirts some people I'm like
oh what happens all right very end of
the interview here I always ask the pro
players if there's anything you guys
want to say to or anything they wants to
the fans so how about you guys is there
anything that you guys would like to say
to the fans thanks guys really
appreciate it
hope you enjoy your day for everyone
else you can check out the rest of my
coverage of all things eSports right
here on the YouTube channel
hey so Travis doesn't check any of these
he just uploads whatever I put in a
folder for him so I figured now is
probably a good time to plug my my
Twitter my Instagram once again how to
spell BR o di n P le TT Brodin plat
pretty easy to find me I'm pretty sure
I'm the only one yeah
mr. contents brought to you by ami slash